
Data Link:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rq9B44LUACus-b3J0yF-_VRyOfhknzab

List of files:

1.	‘Sample_segment_groups.csv’
a.	Users segmentation rules as descriptive in the above users segmentation section.
b.	‘group_id’ is the ID for each user group: 0-11
c.	A note here: ‘user_uuid’ is the count of user_uuids, not the user_uuids themselves.
2.	‘Sample_uuid_email_order.csv'
a.	Email delivery schedule table for each user in the experiment.
b.	‘user_uuid’ is the unique ID for each user.
c.	‘group_id’ is the ID for each user groups the experiment: 0-23
d.	‘group_name’: actual user groups in the experiment as described in the process details section. There are 24 groups in total, because we deliver Email at two frequencies. The ‘*_D’ surfix stands for daily delivery. The ‘*_W’ surfix stands for twice a week delivery.
e.	‘order_*’ columns hold the Email index to be delivered at each iteration. 
■	For example, for ‘*_D’ user groups, ‘order_0’ - ‘oder_9’ means day_0 to day_9. For ‘*_W’ user groups, ‘order_0’ and ‘order_1’ means for the two deliveries in the first week. 
■	The values in each column stands for the index (starting from 0) in this list. It represents the Emails to be sent on each day.
PO_number_list = ['ml_funding_enables_investing','ml_investing_starts_here','ml_explore_the_app_investing',           'ml_funding_faq','ml_user_clustering_emails_fracs','ml_funding_is_safe','ml_picking_an_investment',          'ml_investing_101','ml_diversified_portfolio','ml_explore_the_app_list']
3.	‘email_events.csv'
a.	Table generated by our Email delivery system (Post Office) to track users' interaction with Emails.
b.	This table is optional since we provide you the user status summary table below.
4.	‘user_events.csv'
a.	Current account status of users in the experiment.
b.	‘ml_*’ columns holds the summarized Email interaction status of each user to each ‘ml_*’ Email. The status can be: delivered, opened, etc.
c.	‘approved_at’: account approved date
d.	‘first_funded_at’: account first funded date
e.	‘first_linked_bank_account_at’: first linked bank account date
f.	‘5d_trading_avg_event_count’: count of average trading events in the last 5 days
g.	‘2d_non_trading_avg_event_count’: count of average none trading events in the last 2 days
h.	‘20d_trading_avg_event_count’: count of average trading events in the last 20 days
i.	‘8d_non_trading_avg_event_count’: count of average none trading events in the last 8 days
j.	‘1d_trading_avg_event_count’: count of average trading events in the last day
k.	‘1d_non_trading_avg_event_count’: count of average none trading events in the last day
5.	‘control_groups_rate.csv’: 
a.	Summarized table on the latest status for control groups who have not received any Emails.
b.	‘num_users_in_control’: Total number of users in each control group.
c.	‘num_funded_in_control‘: number of funded users by now in each control group.
d.	‘funding_rate_in_control’: funding rate in each control group.
e.	‘num_link_in_control’: number of users linked their accounts by now in each control group.
f.	‘link_rate_in_control’: link rate in each control group.


Requirements for this project
Do your analysis on the data and try to answer these questions at least.

1.	Email Open rate
a.	What is the best Email to send?
b.	What are the important user segment factors that correlate to Email open rate?
c.	(Optional question) Is there any friction (e.g. ‘unsubscribed’, etc.) effect from Email delivery? 
2.	Link and Funding rate
a.	What are link and funding rates for the treatment groups?
3.	A/B testing on treatment and control groups
a.	Does sending Emails actually cause a higher funding rate?
4.	Time series analysis
a.	Does Day_0 always have the highest Email open rate? If not, do you have some suggestions on the strategy to send Emails?
b.	Based on our current data, do you think the experiment has completely finished?
5.	Funnel analysis (optional)
a.	What does the ‘Email open -> account link -> account fund’ funnel look like?
